--- Warpips Replayability Mod ---  
This mod increases replayability of Conquest Mode by randomly generating operations and world map territories. It also modifies and rebalances a number of other things and may continue to be added to in the future. I fell in love with Warpips instantly and found myself wishing it had the replayability of a game like FTL, so decided to take steps in that direction.

--- HOW TO RUN IT ---  
Warpips does not natively support modding, so this was written as a BepInEx plugin. For quick plug-and-play, download the "WarpipsReplayability_with_BepInEx" file from [Nexus Mods](https://www.nexusmods.com/warpips/mods/1?tab=files). To enable, copy the 4 contents of the zip file into your Warpips install directory (at the same level as Warpips.exe - for Steam this is likely "C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Warpips/"). To disable, move the "BepInEx" folder back out. Note that other game modes such as Endless Mode are not supported, and it is advisable to remove the mod if playing them.

--- FEATURES ---  
1) Conquest World Maps are shuffled. The island layouts and graphics are the same, but you will start and end in different locations and the operations in each territory will be randomized. Additionally, not all adjacent territories are connected, so you will be forced to conquer in different directions each time.
2) Randomly Generated Operations on every territory. The enemy units, spawn wave timings and duration, operation maps, War Bucks, Combat Coupons, and rewards will be different each time. The number and types of enemy units as well as the enemy spawn waves indicator bar will give you an idea of each operation's difficulty. The bar will also show alerts for when the most impactful units start spawning. The Enemy Base and High Value operations are more difficult.
3) Fog of War: non-adjacent territories now have their details hidden. You cannot see the enemy lineup nor rewards for territories you can't attack. You can always see the lineup of the Enemy Base. Some rewards are always hidden, even in adjacent territories.
4) Player Lives are set to 3 for Major and General and 4 for the easier difficulties. Only having one life on General is tedious and frustrating more so than it is hard. If you gain an Extra Life reward while at max lives, you gain 2 additional Combat Coupons instead. Starting Combat Coupons are also set to 3 so that you can buy something good if faced with a difficult first mission.
5) Arms Dealer now occasionally sells 2x (or even 3x) of certain items. Many items were configured to do this, but the game was coded to reduce the maximum possible amount by 1. This makes many items that were previously never worth buying occasionally useful now.
6) War Bucks received throughout the campaign have been rebalanced. More are given out for each individual operation, but once the difficulty bar hits maximum, the amount in remaining territories is reduced by 3/4 of its previous value (up to 25 points reduced). This is to disincentivize completing every operation on each island in order to be swimming in tech points and ensure that you can fully complete the upgrade tree without ever maxing out the difficulty bar even on General difficulty. Even with these changes, it's probably still advantageous to complete islands in some situations, but less so.
7) Experience given for killing enemy units has been rebalanced. You gain less experience for killing weak infantry, but significantly more for killing stronger and more deadly units. Additionally, the experience bonus for the Academy Combat Training upgrades and for increasing unit rank is now a percentage of experience gained rather than a constant increase per kill. This will make easy/early missions against only weak units harder than they used to be (no more beating 90% of the first island with nothing but a single Warpip even on General). The difficulty of missions is now more closely related to the number of enemy units, instead of some units doing the enemy more harm than good (looking at you, Pistol Pip). The experience for each individual kill is also slightly random.
8) Losing an Operation: the enemy spawn waves, duration, and map will be re-randomized (unit types will stay the same). This should make beating your head against a difficult mission multiple times a little more interesting.
9) Other base game bug fixes, slight tweaks, and rebalances too minor or numerous to list...

--- ADDITIONAL NOTES ---  
The campaign is overall more difficult than it used to be at each corresponding difficulty level. You may want to start out on an easier difficulty than you are used to playing on to get a feel for it. You were warned! For troubleshooting, there is a log file at /BepInEx/LogOutput.log you can check and send me if you see any errors. If you run into anything weird or unexpected while playing, describe what you were doing and send me the log file. Additional future updates are planned, so feel free to suggest any changes you would like to see and stay tuned for more releases!

--- SOURCE CODE ---  
Source code for this mod can be found here: [bison/WarpipsReplayability at master · mgrohman13/bison](https://github.com/mgrohman13/bison/tree/master/WarpipsReplayability)  
Source, readme, and license for BepInEx: [BepInEx/BepInEx: Unity / XNA game patcher and plugin framework](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx)
